Add `esmuellert/nvim-eslint` (#1347)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [rachartier/tiny-code-action.nvim](https://github.com/rachartier/tiny-code-action.nvim) - Provides a simple way to run and visualize code actions with Telescope.
- [mawkler/refjump.nvim](https://github.com/mawkler/refjump.nvim) - Jump to next/previous LSP reference for item under cursor with `]r`/`[r`.
- [alexpasmantier/pymple.nvim](https://github.com/alexpasmantier/pymple.nvim) - Refactor Python imports on file move/rename.

> - [esmuellert/nvim-eslint](https://github.com/esmuellert/nvim-eslint) - Bundle VSCode ESLint language server and utilize native Neovim LSP client to provide all-in-one ESLint experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [esmuellert/nvim-eslint](https://github.com/esmuellert/nvim-eslint) - Bundle VSCode ESLint language server and utilize the native LSP client to provide a all-in-one ESLint experience.
```
